docs: adds prereqs from dkp 1.x to 2.2 (#4347)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/prerequisites/index.md

When air-gapped, you must follow the steps described in the [air-gapped prerequisites page][prerequisites-airgapped], otherwise [begin creating the bootstrap cluster][bootstrap].

## Control plane nodes

You should have at least three control plane nodes.

Each control plane node should have at least:
   - 4 cores
   - 16 GiB memory
   - Approximately 80 GiB of free space for the volume used for /var/lib/kubelet and /var/lib/containerd.
   - Disk usage must be below 85% on the root volume.

## Worker nodes

You should have at least four worker nodes. The specific number of worker nodes required for your environment can vary depending on the cluster workload and size of the nodes.

Each worker node should have at least:
   - 8 cores
   - 32 GiB memory
   - Approximately 80 GiB of free space for the volume used for /var/lib/kubelet and /var/lib/containerd.
   - Disk usage must be below 85% on the root volume.

> If you plan to use local volume provisioning to provide persistent volumes for the workloads, you must mount at least four volumes to the /mnt/disks/ mount point on each node. Each volume must have at least 55 GiB of capacity if the default addon configurations are used.

Author: ```suggestion
If you plan to use local volume provisioning to provide persistent volumes for the workloads, you must mount at least four volumes to the /mnt/disks/ mount point on each node. Each volume must have at least 55 GiB of capacity if you're using default addon configurations.
```

When air-gapped, you must follow the steps described in the [air-gapped prerequisites page][prerequisites-airgapped], otherwise [begin creating the bootstrap cluster][bootstrap].

## Control plane nodes

You should have at least three control plane nodes.

Each control plane node should have at least:

- 4 cores
- 16 GiB memory
- Approximately 80 GiB of free space for the volume used for `/var/lib/kubelet` and `/var/lib/containerd`.
- Disk usage must be below 85% on the root volume.

## Worker nodes

You should have at least four worker nodes. The specific number of worker nodes required for your environment can vary depending on the cluster workload and size of the nodes.

Each worker node should have at least:

- 8 cores
- 32 GiB memory
- Approximately 80 GiB of free space for the volume used for `/var/lib/kubelet` and `/var/lib/containerd`.
- Disk usage must be below 85% on the root volume.

> If you plan to use local volume provisioning to provide persistent volumes for the workloads, you must mount at least four volumes to the `/mnt/disks/` mount point on each node. Each volume must have at least 55 GiB of capacity if you are using default addon configurations.

Reviewer: This is right, right? Addons is right here, because we're talking about the eventuality of getting from 1.x to 2?

Author: maybe we can get rid of this bit. its basically saying if you want to apply the kommander apps to it

Reviewer 2: I don't think we used addon in 1.8 either. Gonna change this.
